More introductory material (#9)
thunderbiscuit/opcode-explained: script/script_basics.md

> # Script Basics

Reviewer: Great idea to add an intro page on bitcoin script. I was jumping into the deep end a bit too quickly there.

> The Bitcoin ledger consists of a large, dynamic set of Unspent Transaction Outputs (UTXO's) monitored by a world-wide network of nodes. Control of these outputs is dictated by private keys, which can cryptographically sign transaction messages. A signature proves the ownership of a private key without revealing it to the network. Valid signatures result in the reassignment of UTXOs to other wallet addresses, a process also known as "spending." 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Bitcoin ledger consists of a large, dynamic set of Unspent Transaction Outputs (UTXOs) monitored by a world-wide network of nodes. Control of these outputs is dictated by private keys, which can cryptographically sign transactions. A signature proves the ownership of a private key without revealing it to the network. Valid signatures result in the reassignment of UTXOs to other owners, a process also known as "spending". 
```

> The language through which the network participants communicate is simply called 'Script' or 'Bitcoin Script.' Script is unlike modern programming languages–it most closely resembles a stack-oriented language from the late 1960's called [Forth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_(programming_language)). Satoshi chose this style for its simplicity and minimal storage requirements. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The language through which the network participants communicate is simply called Script or Bitcoin Script. Script is unlike modern programming languages–it most closely resembles a stack-oriented language from the late 1960's called [Forth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_(programming_language)). Satoshi chose this style for its simplicity and minimal storage requirements. 
```

> The language through which the network participants communicate is simply called 'Script' or 'Bitcoin Script.' Script is unlike modern programming languages--it most closely resembles a stack-oriented language from the late 1960's called [Forth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_(programming_language)). Satoshi chose this style for its simplicity and minimal storage requirements. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The language through which the network participants communicate is simply called 'Script' or 'Bitcoin Script.' Script is unlike modern programming languages–it most closely resembles a stack-oriented language from the late 1960's called [Forth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_(programming_language)). Satoshi chose this style for its simplicity and minimal storage requirements. 
```

> Some other important elements of Script:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some other important properties of Script:
```

> - NOT Turing Complete - this prevents loop-based Denial-of-Service attacks on the network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Turing incomplete – this prevents loop-based denial-of-service attacks on the network
```

- Stateless – any valid construction contains all necessary information for network participants to validate it
   

> 

Reviewer 2: nit: one newline at the end would be enough

Author: corrected, thanks.

Reviewer 2: Not corrected, as far as I can tell.

Author: my bad. all set.

> - Stateless - any valid construction contains all necessary information for network participants to validate it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Stateless – any valid construction contains all necessary information for network participants to validate it
```
